vsce: update register w account flow (#8135)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_install-dbt-extension.md

file during registration. If you do not have a `~/.dbt/dbt_cloud.yml` file downloaded, refer to the following instructions:
During the VS Code extension registration workflow it can detect if you already have a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account or previously created one in the past (no need to create a new one!). 
- If you already have a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account, you will need to use the same account to connect the extension. 
- If you've never created a <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account, skip this section and follow the earlier [New user registration](#new-user-registration) steps.
- The extension will use the `dbt_cloud.yml` file from your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account, which securely stores your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account credentials for authentication. You can download this file from your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>'s **Account settings** page.

> <Expandable alt_header="For dbt accounts with Fusion enabled">

Reviewer: @mirnawong1 in the OP, you say:
> changes from expandables to tabs

Did you change your mind on this? I like the section headers better than tabs so please keep as is!

Author: this is my fault for not updating the description 🙈 ! sorry!

yes it was tabs but then i changed it to section headers since connie [mentioned](https://www.notion.so/dbtlabs/Register-w-new-account-2a1bb38ebda780e59d94da1db9763e93) we don't need two workflows anymore

#### Download the `dbt_cloud.yml` file

Follow these steps to download the `dbt_cloud.yml` file:

> 1. Log in to your dbt Cloud account and click your account name at the bottom left. 

Reviewer: should this say "dbt platform?"
```suggestion
1. Log into <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> and click your account name at the bottom left. 
```

   - If you can't login, follow the [accessing your dbt account](#accessing-your-dbt-account) steps.

> 2. Select **Account settings**.

Reviewer: I usually use "select" for when selecting from a list or a menu. 
```suggestion
2. Click **Account settings**.
```

3. Under **Your profile**, click **VS Code Extension**.
4. In the **Set up your credentials** section, click **Download credential**s to download the `dbt_cloud.yml` file.
5. Download the `dbt_cloud.yml` file to complete registration.
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/extension/download-registration-2.png" width="70%" title="Download the dbt_cloud.yml file to complete registration."/>

> 6. Move the downloaded `dbt_cloud.yml` file to your `~/.dbt/` or `C:\Users\[username]\.dbt` directory. For detailed instructions on how to create a `.dbt` directory and move the file, see [this FAQ](#how-to-create-a-dbt-directory-in-root-and-move-dbt_cloudyml-file).

Reviewer: Should we specify that one is mac/Linux and one is Windows(`C:\Users\[username]\.dbt` )?

> 6. Move the downloaded `dbt_cloud.yml` file to your `~/.dbt/` or `C:\Users\[username]\.dbt` directory. For detailed instructions on how to create a `.dbt` directory and move the file, see [this FAQ](#how-to-create-a-dbt-directory-in-root-and-move-dbt_cloudyml-file).

Author: ```suggestion
6. Move the downloaded `dbt_cloud.yml` file to your dbt directory:
    - macOS/Linux: `~/.dbt/`
    - Windows: `C:\Users\[username]\.dbt\`

For detailed instructions on how to create a `.dbt` directory and move the file, see [this FAQ](#how-to-create-a-dbt-directory-in-root-and-move-dbt_cloudyml-file).
```

> 7. Then go back to VS Code and open the command palette (`ctrl+shift+P` (Windows/Linux) or `cmd+shift+p` (macOS)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Then go back to VS Code and open the command palette (`Ctrl + Shift + P` (Windows/Linux) or `Cmd + Shift + P` (macOS)).  
```

8. Run `dbt: Register dbt extension` to complete registration.
9. If you run into any issues, reach out to [support](/docs/dbt-support) &mdash; we're here to help!

## Configure environment variables {#configure-environment-variables}

> _This section is optional and only applies if you haven't already configured environment variables locally._

Reviewer: We say "This section is optional" but this section really refers us to another page. It leaves me wondering if it's optional to configure environment variables or to configure them locally? By saying "haven't already" it seems to indicate you need to set them locally? Maybe we should say that if it's true.

Author: good shout! how's this:

> _This section is optional. You only need to configure environment variables locally if your dbt project uses environment variables that are already configured in the dbt platform._

Reviewer: That's super helpful! Thank you!

### Register with an existing dbt account 
<!-- This anchor is linked from the VS Code registration page. Please do not change it -->

During the VS Code extension registration workflow it can detect if you already have a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account or previously created one in the past (no need to create a new one!). 
- If you already have a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account, you will need to use the same account to connect the extension. 
- If you've never created a <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account, skip this section and follow the earlier [New user registration](#new-user-registration) steps.
- The extension will use the `dbt_cloud.yml` file from your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account, which securely stores your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account credentials for authentication. You can download this file from your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>'s **Account settings** page.

#### How the registration works

> - If a `dbt_cloud.yml` file already exists in your `~/.dbt/` or `C:\Users\[username]\.dbt` folder, the extension automatically detects it in the registration flow and uses it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a `dbt_cloud.yml` file already exists in your `~/.dbt/` (macOS/Linux) or `C:\Users\[username]\.dbt` (Windows) folder, the extension automatically detects it in the registration flow and uses it.
```

Reviewer: Making one small edit and merging!

1. Log into <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> and click your account name at the bottom left. 
   - If you can't login, follow the [accessing your dbt account](#accessing-your-dbt-account) steps.
2. Click **Account settings**.
3. Under **Your profile**, click **VS Code Extension**.
4. In the **Set up your credentials** section, click **Download credential**s to download the `dbt_cloud.yml` file.
5. Download the `dbt_cloud.yml` file to complete registration.
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/extension/download-registration-2.png" width="70%" title="Download the dbt_cloud.yml file to complete registration."/>

6. Move the downloaded `dbt_cloud.yml` file to your dbt directory:
    - macOS/Linux: `~/.dbt/`
    - Windows: `C:\Users\[username]\.dbt\`

For detailed instructions on how to create a `.dbt` directory and move the file, see [this FAQ](#how-to-create-a-dbt-directory-in-root-and-move-dbt_cloudyml-file).
7. Then go back to VS Code and open the command palette (`Ctrl + Shift + P` (Windows/Linux) or `Cmd + Shift + P` (macOS)).  
8. Run `dbt: Register dbt extension` to complete registration.
9. If you run into any issues, reach out to [support](/docs/dbt-support) &mdash; we're here to help!

> ## Configure environment variables {#configure-environment-variables}

Author: ```suggestion
## Configure environment variables locally {#configure-environment-variables}
```

> _This section is optional and only applies if you haven't already configured environment variables locally._

Author: ```suggestion
_This section is optional. You only need to configure environment variables locally if your dbt project uses environment variables that are already configured in the dbt platform._
```
